c:\users\fanmixco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer\QuickDer\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\fanmixco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer\QuickDer\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\fanmixco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer\QuickDer\Bin\Debug\QuickDer.dll
c:\users\fanmixco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer\QuickDer\Bin\Debug\QuickDer.pdb
c:\users\fanmixco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer\QuickDer\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\fanmixco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer\QuickDer\Bin\Debug\QuickDer.xap
c:\users\fanmixco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer\QuickDer\Bin\Debug\WP7CordovaClassLib.dll
c:\users\fanmixco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer\QuickDer\obj\Debug\QuickDer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fanmixco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer\QuickDer\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\fanmixco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer\QuickDer\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\fanmixco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer\QuickDer\obj\Debug\QuickDer.g.resources
c:\users\fanmixco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer\QuickDer\obj\Debug\QuickDer.dll
c:\users\fanmixco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer\QuickDer\obj\Debug\QuickDer.pdb
c:\users\fanmixco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer\QuickDer\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\FANMixco\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer_WP\QuickDer\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\FANMixco\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer_WP\QuickDer\Bin\Debug\Background.png
C:\Users\FANMixco\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer_WP\QuickDer\Bin\Debug\QuickDer.dll
C:\Users\FANMixco\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer_WP\QuickDer\Bin\Debug\QuickDer.pdb
C:\Users\FANMixco\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer_WP\QuickDer\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\FANMixco\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer_WP\QuickDer\Bin\Debug\QuickDer.xap
C:\Users\FANMixco\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer_WP\QuickDer\Bin\Debug\WP7CordovaClassLib.dll
C:\Users\FANMixco\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer_WP\QuickDer\obj\Debug\QuickDer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\FANMixco\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer_WP\QuickDer\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\FANMixco\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer_WP\QuickDer\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\FANMixco\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer_WP\QuickDer\obj\Debug\QuickDer.g.resources
C:\Users\FANMixco\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer_WP\QuickDer\obj\Debug\QuickDer.dll
C:\Users\FANMixco\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer_WP\QuickDer\obj\Debug\QuickDer.pdb
C:\Users\FANMixco\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\QuickDer_WP\QuickDer\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
